README.md, before:

# Portfolio Assignment

## Day One (16th/10/2021)

Create all pages and filled in basic layout of HTML script for each of the pages. Create a CSS stylesheet and linked all pages to it to have cohesive design.

Added a title and main header for each page, as well as a placeholder for a banner picture. Put a placeholder for the navbar which I will introduce once I have my layout figured out and created a basic form for contact page which I will expand on later.

### Mobile Layout Updates

- Started adding flexbox attributes to css sheet (22/10/21)
- Added Hamburger Nav bar using JS (22/10/21)
- Made main banner hide when in mobile use (22/10/21)
- Added banner placeholder for navbar (22/10/21)
- Made profile img fit to screen(23/10/21)
- Created background image that is responsive (23/10/21)
- Moved Main page text to bottom (23/10/21)
- Split body into home page and others using class (23/10/21)
- Added gradient to help with text (23/10/21)
- Made fixed footer for work page and fixed it to the bottom with links (23/10/21)
- aligned the contact form (23/10/21)
- Blog images size to screen (27/10/21)
- Gave Blog text padding (27/10/21)
- Unfixed footer from work page (27/10/21)
- Made img for work page fit page

### Main Layout Updates

- Started Nav for main layout (22/10/21)
- Blocked layout options for mobile page (22/10/21)
- Changed css break point to 770px (23/10/21)
- Created Headers and descriptions for work profile that disappear for mobile(23/10/21)
- Styled nav bar and added id links (24/10/21)
- Started to style Home page (24/10/21)
- Removed footer from Blog page (24/10/21)


## (22/10/2021)

- Created Trello work space to keep track of project
- Added Meta Data to each page for context and to help with responsiveness
- Added img with alt for banner on each page
- Created Nav div on each page and added links to each page
- put link placeholder on my work page
- Added place holder blog posts in article divs
- Added placeholder for body of work
- Added img of myself on the main page
- Created files for the banners and portrait, and linked them to appropriate img attributes
- Created fix banner point for over 600px
- Created main div for home page content
- Made links for mobile non visible above 600px
- Created JS script
- Linked JS script page
- Fixed stylesheet link
- Created a stylesheet for mobile layout

## (23/10/22)

- Created about page to give home page more clarity
- Added about page into Nav bar
- Changed responsiveness to break at 770px
- Added Image of myself on main page
- Added main page text and short description
- Added link to about page on home page
- Added filler content to all the pages to help with styling
- Added a button to the contact for

## (24/10/21)

- Fixed Broken links in NavBar and stylesheets
- Started to style desktop main page
- Removed footer from blog page
- Changed links around for nav bar
- Styled desktop Nav bar
- Fixed JS link to home page

## (27/10/21)

- Added images to blog page
- Made Images adjust to mobile screen size
- Changed blog titles
- Gave the blog text padding
- Added images to Work Page
- Rearranged Work Page

Commit message:

Changed nav id to class, added intergety attributes

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Assignment

GitHub: https://github.com/KyleCorlett/Portfolio_Assignment
Website:
Trello: https://trello.com/invite/b/h2tnQPcF/42f8e04984d2d6bfac43811bdd4b1aea/portfolio-assessment
Description of website:

### Mobile Layout Updates

- Started adding flexbox attributes to css sheet (22/10/21)
- Added Hamburger Nav bar using JS (22/10/21)
- Made main banner hide when in mobile use (22/10/21)
- Added banner placeholder for navbar (22/10/21)
- Made profile img fit to screen(23/10/21)
- Created background image that is responsive (23/10/21)
- Moved Main page text to bottom (23/10/21)
- Split body into home page and others using class (23/10/21)
- Added gradient to help with text (23/10/21)
- Made fixed footer for work page and fixed it to the bottom with links (23/10/21)
- aligned the contact form (23/10/21)
- Blog images size to screen (27/10/21)
- Gave Blog text padding (27/10/21)
- Unfixed footer from work page (27/10/21)
- Made img for work page fit page

### Main Layout Updates

- Started Nav for main layout (22/10/21)
- Blocked layout options for mobile page (22/10/21)
- Changed css break point to 770px (23/10/21)
- Created Headers and descriptions for work profile that disappear for mobile(23/10/21)
- Styled nav bar and added id links (24/10/21)
- Started to style Home page (24/10/21)
- Removed footer from Blog page (24/10/21)

## (22/10/2021)

- Created Trello work space to keep track of project
- Added Meta Data to each page for context and to help with responsiveness
- Added img with alt for banner on each page
- Created Nav div on each page and added links to each page
- put link placeholder on my work page
- Added place holder blog posts in article divs
- Added placeholder for body of work
- Added img of myself on the main page
- Created files for the banners and portrait, and linked them to appropriate img attributes
- Created fix banner point for over 600px
- Created main div for home page content
- Made links for mobile non visible above 600px
- Created JS script
- Linked JS script page
- Fixed stylesheet link
- Created a stylesheet for mobile layout

## (23/10/22)

- Created about page to give home page more clarity
- Added about page into Nav bar
- Changed responsiveness to break at 770px
- Added Image of myself on main page
- Added main page text and short description
- Added link to about page on home page
- Added filler content to all the pages to help with styling
- Added a button to the contact for

## (24/10/21)

- Fixed Broken links in NavBar and stylesheets
- Started to style desktop main page
- Removed footer from blog page
- Changed links around for nav bar
- Styled desktop Nav bar
- Fixed JS link to home page

## (27/10/21)

- Added images to blog page
- Made Images adjust to mobile screen size
- Changed blog titles
- Gave the blog text padding
- Added images to Work Page
- Rearranged Work Page

## (28/10/21)

- Added embedded links to work image files
- Added integrity attribute to each file on the stylesheets
- Changed nav ID to classes
